Good morning. Thank you for joining me today. I really appreciate it.
We're going to pray over our nation and we're going to jump right in the river today.
I have some news articles, but I want to just say Happy 4th of July to America.
Isn't this wonderful? We've been praying over this day for a while now.
And so, we're going to continue to pray today and we're going to pray over our nation, over any kind of plots, plans, or pursuits across this land from Hawaii all the way to Maine.
I believe Jesus has his hand on this nation. And we're going to keep believing that every single plot, every plan that the enemy has to kill, steal, and destroy will be brought to naught in the name of Jesus.
That we will uncover what the enemy was going to do in his plans today, from the Gulf all the way to Canada.
And so, we're going to pray over our nation again today and we're going to pray over President Trump and over Christians United for Israel.
They're having their big meeting this week. Sister Billie texted me this morning and told me that they're there.
She's in Washington D.C. right now with some others. And so, we're going to be praying for them and for their protection.
I said, 'What a prayer covering.'Having Sister Billie there in Washington D.C.
today is a major prayer covering. It's awesome that they're there praying over our nation.
If they're there, I'm sure John Hagee's there and some others. So, pretty cool.
Let's go ahead and look at what I believe the power of prayer stopped in North Carolina.
I would like to show you again what happened in North Carolina the day before yesterday on the 2nd. Play this video.
Now, for those of you who didn't see it yesterday, I believe this is a result of our prayers and the people of North Carolina praying.
This man right here had all this planned. Go ahead and show the video real quick.
Police say just after 10:00 a.m., officers responded to a call about an armed person sitting in a truck in the church parking lot.
A nearby off-duty officer, with the help of backup, disarmed a man who they later identified as William Milliken III.
They say he was wearing body armor and had two flamethrowers inside his truck at the time of his arrest. That's very surprising.
I'm amazed, but with today's society that we're living in right now and being a church, that is the reason why they have police officers at every church function and other kinds of functions.
In addition to flamethrowers, investigators also found two crossbows, more than 500 rounds of ammunition, rolls of black duct tape, and three knives.
He faces several charges, including possession of a weapon of mass destruction and impersonation of a law enforcement officer.
Lee Brewer says he's glad no one was hurt. Last year, we had a Volkswagen little van that caught on fire in the parking lot, so I thought maybe it was another thing like that.
But it seems like there's always a lot going on in the parking lot.
All glory to Jesus. I just want to say, I believe that's the result of prayer.
We're uncovering the enemy's plots, plans, and pursuits across this land.
And so, we're going to continue to pray over our nation today.
I feel on high alert inside still. I felt it all day yesterday.
I prayed very hard all day yesterday, praying over things, and then we saw a shooting in Michigan yesterday on the 3rd.
It happened in a mall. I didn't hear any cussing, I just heard him screaming, 'Oh my god!
Go, go, go! They're shooting! They're shooting! Oh my god! Go, go, go!'I don't know if anybody died.
I think two or three people died, but I don't know what happened with that, if they were stopped or if he committed suicide or whatever.
But it happened yesterday in Michigan. And so when we were praying yesterday, the Lord showed me another shooting, a major shooting with an AR-15.
The man's weapon was green, but it was a pistol. It wasn't a long-stock rifle. It was a pistol-type caliber AR-15.
And I saw us praying over parades today, praying over people driving their cars into parades, into the crowds, and over mass shootings.
And so we are going to pray over mass shootings big time today. And we're going to keep praying over the parades.
We're going to pray over the gatherings for the hot dog eating contest and church gatherings.
We're just going to cover this thing in prayer one more time, and the parade today in Washington D.C.
That's our job today. We're just going to cover President Trump.
We're going to cover J.D. Vance and anybody else, Marco Rubio, whoever.
We're just going to cover them. And so, I appreciate you being here and taking this time seriously.
I saw again—what was it? Not Los Kas, that's Dallas-Fort Worth. Mexico is on the border, but it's down on the border.
And I saw smuggling, trafficking, and prostitution coming forth out of the border.
And the Lord said, 'This is where they're coming in at Nogales.'It was an area down by Nogales.
I'm not calling out Nogales, saying Nogales. It has to be Nogales. It's an area by Nogales.
And the Lord said, 'Pray for this area.'I saw major trafficking coming out of this.
But it wasn't just about trafficking children; it was about trafficking militants into our country.
So, we know we have power and authority over this stuff to pray and that God's going to expose the darkness that is trying to come into our nation to kill, steal, and destroy.
And we're not going to have it. We're going to keep standing.
We're going to believe God that all our law enforcement is able to see ahead of time—that they'll get tips, that there'll be leaks, and things that expose the darkness and the plans to kill, steal, and destroy.
And so, that's what we're going to do today. And we're going to pray over Israel.
The Lord said to pray over Israel. I saw a major attack again by drones, using weapons that they're not used to.
Usually, they're using rockets, but I saw them trying to do something different with Iranian drones in the days ahead.
And so, it will come out of the Syria area. And so, we're going to keep praying over that, praying for protection.
All right. Anything else, son? Do you have anything? Yesterday, on the 3rd, they had Ayatollah Khamenei's funeral and they were all mad at America.
I saw retaliation. I said this is an act of war, what I saw coming into America.
They're going to say it's terrorist, but I saw a provoking of what's about to happen in America. Then the other part was I saw something in New Orleans.
I try not to get into the conspiracy of everything because people get real mad when you say certain things, but the Lord said we have to pray for New Orleans.
That's all I'm going to say. I saw an attack on Bourbon Street.
And so, I want to show you what happened at the funeral of the Ayatollah Khamenei.
Death to America is what they're saying. They are not happy they buried their leader.
So that's why I'm on today. Usually I take off on Saturdays, but the Lord said, "Do this one more time.
Intercede and pray for your nation. Pray for this nation."So we're going to do that today.
We see because this stuff like this is what I'm telling you all.
What I believe is a "Red Dawn"experience, a shaking to awaken, bringing the bride to her side, is not an act of terror.
It's an act of war. And the Lord showed me this is not terrorists in your nation.
These are soldiers that have infiltrated because of the Biden administration.
And so we see they're burying their leader today, which is interesting, on the Fourth of July weekend. That's strange.
"Well, we're going to bury him on Fourth of July weekend when America is celebrating their 250th."Why?
Why today? Well, it's symbolic for them. I'm sure they want revenge.
And it's ignorant for people to think that they wouldn't, after all their leaders that were taken out by us and Israel.
And I saw retaliation coming against Israel and America. Now, I want you to watch this.
This is all the stuff that's going on. So, this is why we pray.
But I want to show you because the media is not showing you this.
Fox News isn't showing you this. "Kill Trump! Kill Trump!"You see, you can't keep going.
The FBI is surging hundreds of personnel from around the country to aid in the ongoing investigation of the 2020 election in Georgia.
What did we see last night, or what was it, three videos ago at the beginning of the week?
I saw Stacey Abrams, and the Lord said, "Great fraud in Atlanta."I saw a major fraud in Atlanta, and the Lord said, "I saw divisions of different areas in Atlanta."And the Lord said, "This is what you're covering in prayer, for they'll try to rig the election concerning the Senate race in the days ahead."So, we're going to come against the corruption in Atlanta for what's going on right now.
President Trump is sending the FBI to go down there and look at Atlanta and Georgia because I said I heard "The Devil Went Down to Georgia."I know it's a song by Charlie Daniels, but the Lord said, "The devil went down to Georgia."It was about corruption in Georgia, specifically Atlanta, to overthrow even the Senate race this year, and Minnesota.
Key seats: Minnesota, Atlanta, and New York. These areas—praying over seats in the Senate to not turn blue.
Well, it's already blue, but we want to make them go red, right? I want you to see.
President Trump even has something inside of him; he's saying, "We've got to do this."So thank God for President Trump.
All right. So here we go next. What I'm saying is another prophecy fulfilled.
This is what the Lord said. Now go. All right. We got that. And then China is doing ASAT, and they're going to watch it in October.
I don't know what that is. China is doing some kind of weird stuff.
What is that? I don't know. It looks so weird, very ominous, very spooky looking. Are they doing some kind of new...?
When I was praying, I saw weapons of war created out of satellites that would create earthquakes, major solar storms, weather weaponization, and weather modification of biblical proportions as they tried to control the weather.
The Lord said they will lose control. And I saw straight-line winds over 150 mph, like Category 4 hurricane winds, but straight-line.
And he said as they try to control the weather, they will lose control.
I've seen part here, part there. I don't know when it's coming; I just know the Lord said it was coming.
And they'll manipulate it. There will be major floods in some areas and major drought, so much so that it'll be a Dust Bowl.
They'll manipulate the weather in the days ahead—America and China.
And I saw it would even influence earthquakes. How? I don't know.
I just saw it. So this is kind of weird stuff, huh? I wonder what that is.
So let's go. Go ahead. Keep moving. Okay. So we have Mamdani.
And we're going to pray over New York today in the parade—I mean, the Macy's fireworks show, big time.
There he is. I'm telling you, this guy is the devil. And hear this right here. She's saying her approval rating is well—well, good.
I told her she would; I saw her being taken out and a man coming in that looked like Antonio Banderas.
He's a very handsome man. He had a lot of charisma to him. And I saw her being dragged out of her office in the days ahead. She was scratching the floor as she was going.
I don't know if it's a metaphor, but the Lord said if the people of Mexico pray, he would bring a new leader over your nation, and it will be a God-fearing person, a person of character, and that he would deal with the cartel.
I saw the cartel and the leaders of the cartel being taken out in the days ahead, and the Lord said, "It will be called a turf war."Turf wars will come to the cartel and a shaking of the cartel will come in the name of Jesus.
I saw leaders of the cartel being assassinated and they'll wonder who's in charge.
I could hear them: "We don't know who's in charge anymore."So they would have turf wars and fight against each other.
Confusion would be in their camp, just like whenever the man of God... I believe it was Gideon's 300, right?
And they were all up on the hill and they blew their horns and they all turned on themselves.
That's what's going to happen. I believe there's a turnaround in things.
God's bringing revival to Mexico, Cuba, Brazil, and Colombia in the days ahead.
You're about to see the greatest harvest of souls all throughout the Latino community that you've ever seen before.
And it's going to be amazing. It's really nice to see that it's manifesting already.
I believe her days are numbered; she is in bed with the cartel.
The Lord said, "We thank you, Lord, for removing corrupt leaders."Oh God, we thank you for removing corrupt leaders in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Jesus, for removing the corrupt leaders over Mexico. We call revival in Mexico.
As you watch the World Cup, I told you to watch Mexico—the green and white—praying over Mexico and these events with no black swan events.
No black swan events in Mexico. See, look at that. Okay, keep moving.
I want to show you the Minions movie. Moms and dads, this movie is demonic. Do not take your kids to see this.
These Minions—and I know people go, "It's innocent, it's a cartoon"—no, they are doing seance witchcraft on these movies now.
I want you to see this little clip. This is very serious, what they're doing.
They produce it on July 1st, and everybody goes to watch this trash.
And you don't know, if you take your kids to see trash, what's going on. Look at this.
This was told to me by my mom and dad who said, "You need to see this to tell your people."Look, go ahead. Boom. The pentagrams in the background.
They're on the back and they have all these candles, and this is the demon, the octopus devil, coming up out of the witchcraft they were doing.
Do you want to show just a little bit more? No. Yeah, I want you to.
So they go over here and they start doing this witchcraft again.
Okay, you don't have to show them anymore. It's evil, but you need to know it.
All right, is that it? Yes. Okay. Now, what is going on with Gavin?
The FBI had an informant wearing a wire in June of 2024. Joe Biden started an investigation into Gavin Newsom. Now, that's interesting. Even he was threatened by him.
But I said in the days ahead, you will see Gavin Newsom get on his belly like a snake and start slithering, licking the dirt to go to the White House.
So we're going to pray. Are we done? Yeah. All right, let's pray.
So you see all the little things we can see in the news and the 'Death to America,'all the things they're saying.
So we're going to take communion real quick. I don't want to keep you too long.
How long was that? Less than 30 minutes. We did good. Father, we thank You, Lord, for this time of prayer.
We take this body in the name of Jesus. We lift it up before You.
We take communion, and we're just so thankful for the covenant that You gave us, Father, that we enter in boldly by the blood and by the word.
And Father, all that You've done for us on that cross—You suffered and You died for every single one of us.
And we are alive in Christ. Christ in me, the hope of glory. And Father, we take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank You, Lord, that we're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
That as He is, so are we in this world. No weapon formed against us is going to prosper.
We thank You, Lord, that every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus. And we thank You, Lord, for all that You've done.
And we're healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus by Your stripes.
Amen. Amen. Take the blood. We thank You for the blood. We make much of the blood.
The blood makes much of us. Thank You, Father, for the blood.
It never loses its power. We apply the blood over us today. We apply the blood over our minds.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that if there's anything You want to show us today, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force, we apply the blood of Jesus over this prayer time.
We thank You, Lord. There are angels watching over us. We cover our time of prayer in the blood of Jesus.
Father, we hear You, and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
We apply the blood over anything You show us. And if there isn't anything, that's all right. We'll pray over what You've already given us.
And Father, we're so thankful for this time of prayer for all 4,300 of the people tonight—this afternoon or morning, whatever it is.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for the blood. And I thank You, Lord; I cover them in the blood.
I thank You, Lord, that many hands make light work, that as we pray as a mighty army, when the Spirit of the Lord is there, there is liberty.
And this is a day of liberty and freedom. And we thank You that You're with us, and Father, You're in us. And Father, we thank You, Lord, for the blood.
We thank You for the authority of the believer, that we have authority over the devil, and we take authority over him today as we plead the blood in Jesus'name.
Amen. Amen. Take your communion. All right, we're going to just pray in the spirit for a little bit, but I'm going to pray over the parade now.
We're going to pray over every open door—that they're closed and that everything hidden will be found.
And whatever—we know we wrestle not against flesh and blood—but whatever is oppressing these people who want to kill, steal, and destroy with jihad and all these other things, that devil inside of them will be bound and they'll not be able to wreak havoc in our nation.
So, Holy Spirit, we just yield to You. Teach us to pray. Help us, Oh Holy Spirit.
Holy Spirit, You are welcome in this place. Holy Spirit, You are welcome in this place.
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, Thou art welcome in this place.
We welcome You. I see Cuba. I see the docks looking to New Orleans.
I see that Cuba is lining up with Iran. Cuba will line up with Iran and no more air raids.
The air raids are for drones—the drones that I told you about.
They're coming out of Cuba. It has a jammer on it. It's about the Bay of Pigs.
It's on that side. It's not the side facing America; it's the side not facing America.
This is how they're bringing them in. And I see Mamdani face.
I see his face. To repair, Mamdani face is very bold before me.
When he tries to push down the ball on New Year's Eve—when he pushes down the thing—I see an attempt on him.
They will look. I see them trying to take this man out, but it's his own people.
It's his own people. And the Democrats say he's too loud for a socialist. I see a devising of a plan of a crumbling within.
I see they try to devise a plan of a crumbling within their own confusion, their own Liberal party.
He's too far left. He's a socialist. They say, 'We don't want it to go that way.
We still have it. Reel it in. He's out of control.'They say, 'We can make it look like the far right.
We will make it look like it's the far right.'Nobody will believe it.
They will know. Nobody will believe it. They'll think it's the far right.
I see who's leading the charge of it, but I cannot say their name out loud.
They're trying to bring rioting. They want to cause a civil war.
They're trying to bring a civil war on both sides. They try to divide.
I see George's face. I see Antifa. I see money. I see Satan, and he's right behind him.
But this is funded by him. This is funded to try to cause a divide, a rift in the nation like it was with...
and then George funding this. They want to bring a civil war up north in New York.
They want to bring riot. I see fires in the buildings. I see Trump buildings burning.
I see Trump Tower burning. They're rioting. They're pillaging.
They'll try to assassinate him. Oh Lord, we thank You, Lord.
The same thing they'll try to do in Europe. Macron—they want to bring America into the war.
These drones that I'm seeing are not like your drones you buy off of Amazon.
These are military drones smuggled in from Iran. These are more sophisticated drones.
It's not like the drones you buy at Best Buy. I'm seeing drones in Cuba and the smuggling of drones.
I'm seeing drones being smuggled, and it's about an attack in America with drones.
These are sophisticated drones, but it's more of a planned, staged attack on multiple fronts trying to derail the 2028 election.
They are more focused on this midterm because they feel like they've got it too, but it's about flipping the presidency, too.
I see a divide trying to make him a martyr for their cause. He's too far left.
I see a rallying; they want someone like a Charlie Kirk on their side to rally their cause.
This is so strong. They want a Charlie Kirk on their side. It's very sick. I see Kamala's face and a rebranding.
I see her trying to put on a new platform to rebrand herself in the days ahead.
She's going to really try to come out and rebrand herself. They're trying to do these embarrassing moments with Gavin.
Why are they attacking Gavin? That's interesting. There is even a magnification on the Squad, on the bartender girl.
I see Ilhan Omar; she's in trouble. The bees are coming around her in Minnesota.
Father, we thank you for Minnesota. Raise up leaders in Minnesota to remove the corruption. Omar, you need to find a new job. Get out in the name of Jesus.
We thank you for people of great authority and integrity rising up in the governor's office, the House, and the Senate.
Remove these evil people from political positions. Now the Lord says, 'Pray for Byron.'Favor over Byron.
I don't care if you like him; the Lord does. Favor over Byron.
We call for the exposure of corruption in certain districts in Miami.
It's just a little bit, but that's where the heart of the people is.
It's about judges and certain things in Miami. It's a light pulse, not very big.
The Lord said if you squash it now, it won't get out of control.
People in Florida, pray over Miami. It's a slight pulse right there in a district.
It's about judges too. But the Lord said to look at Atlanta. There's much corruption that will be uncovered in Atlanta, Georgia.
In the name of Jesus, it will not flip blue; it will stay a red state.
These are strategic elections. It's a step-by-step process in Minnesota.
This is about the glory and the outpouring. Satan tries to come in and magnify Mandabi's voice and use him.
The devil is a killer, stealer, and destroyer. If you surrender to him, you are being deceived.
He's a killer and a deceiver who doesn't care about you; he'll cast you aside like trash.
I see a plan for Mandabi to raise his voice and be used as a Charlie Kirk, a martyr for their cause.
His voice is too radical for the socialists, and I see a plan to silence him and make him a poster boy because they're losing momentum.
The visions are coming so fast, like a movie. I see rallies to rally the youth and college kids to their cause.
They want to make a sacrifice to Moloch. It's a demon, and it's about children's blood and sexual perversion.
It's about the finances of this nation. I see blackness on the building, a stock market crash, a Black Monday.
I see a new Ground Zero and tourists. In an instant, I see shaking in Toronto.
I see Mark Carney's face; he's so socialist. They're trying to break the economy.
The enemy is shaking in Canada. From sea to sea, the church in Canada will see the multitude come.
A fresh fire on the lips. There will be more chatter about seceding, even in British Columbia.
You'll see a shaking in this nation, and many will come to the Lord from sea to sea.
From sea to sea, all over Canada, a shaking over this nation.
I see our flag floating over it. I see a shaking over Carney. I see a shaking over Toronto.
I see a Ground Zero over Toronto. It will go from sea to sea. A shaking over British Columbia.
And he's bringing them to their knees. He's going to deal with this communistic, socialistic nation.
He's going to shake the government. I see the church rising up with the Holy Ghost and fire on their mouths.
I see what looks like a dark black glove hanging over it, and he said it will lose its grip in certain areas. It won't lose its grip completely over Toronto.
I see it over this area, and he'll try to hold on real tight because there's a pyramid—a satanic origin over this area with the Illuminati.
There is great darkness there, and it stems out of New York. It looks like a star that goes over New York and Toronto, and it will try to hold on.
It will hold on with this pyramid, but there'll be a revival in these other areas. I see it.
He'll lose his grip; it's slipping through his fingers, but he'll try to hold on.
It will be a time when the preachers preach with new fire on their lips.
It will be a time when the preachers have the glory on their lips, and a great harvest of souls will come out of this with the fresh oil on their lips.
It will be from coast to coast. There'll be a visitation, and I hear them say, 'We'll secede because of the shaking of the finances.'A shaking of the finances over Canada.
From sea to sea, many will come. Many will come from sea to sea.
The Lord said, 'Many will see.'Hallelujah. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. You're sending your angel armies.
It will go down into South America, into Mexico, into the mainland, and it will go into Asia.
It's going to flow over Asia. There's going to be a major harvest of souls in Asia.
It will spring forth like a mighty well, a revival like a gusher, a geyser of his glory over South Korea.
It will be so glorious over Taiwan. It will go over the Philippines and over Vietnam.
I see a man with a gray beard over India. The Lord said, 'Pause for a second here.'I see shakings in India.
They will be natural; major earthquakes will happen in India.
He's going to shake down monkey temples all throughout the Middle East and these Asian areas.
I see shakings of the monkey temples and false god temples. He's going to shake the Hindus, the temples, and the Buddhists.
Get ready for the biggest harvest of souls you have ever seen. God's not a loser; he's a winner.
We're about to see God in a way we've never seen him before in this generation.
We're about to see him show up and show off like he did in Bible times.
You're going to see a side of things that you've never seen before.
Greater days are in store for the church; you're going to see miracles, signs, and wonders.
You will see darkness become so dark that you can't see your hand in front of your face in the earth, but in the church, light will shine.
It will become so dark because the restrainer is being removed.
You're going to see the departing of the remnant, the rapture of the church. Watch what happens.
You may say you don't believe in the rapture, but I'm telling you, it's coming.
I see it by the Spirit of God. The restrainer is being removed.
There will be glory on the church and darkness in the earth. Watch what happens as they come in hot.
Be patient with the babies. We're about to see the greatest harvest.
I see such darkness on the earth, but I see the church lighting up like a beacon, like a light tower, shining in the darkness. People are able to see it and they run to it.
The beacon of light will shine and the people will run to it, saying, 'What is going on over there?'He's going to get your attention.
You're running out of time. Jesus Christ is coming. This dispensation of grace is coming to an end.
You must repent and come to Jesus. We're about to enter into a time that we've never seen before on this earth.
Fearful sights will bring you to your knees, but the remnant—the church, the blood-bought, the redeemed who know who they are—will rise up like a giant and take healing to the nations.
People will see that Jesus is alive and he's inside of you. It's time for you to get a backbone like a crowbar.
The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few. We must work while it is day, for night is coming when no man will work.
An acceleration between now and September. Watch what happens on 9/11; a shaking will begin.
9/11 for Rosh Hashanah. Watch this time frame; it's an acceleration of the birthing pains.
Holy, holy, holy. Father God, bless America, land that I love.
Stand beside her and guide her through the night with the light from above.
From the mountains to the prairies, to the ocean white with foam, God bless America, my home sweet home.
God Bless America, land that I love. Stand beside her and guide her through the night with the light from above.
From the mountain, to the prairie, to the ocean wide, God bless America, my home sweet home.
God bless America, my home sweet home. Thank you, Lord, for America. Thank you, Father.
As we lift up our President today, we ask you, God, to give him a second wind.
I ask you on this 250th anniversary of our beautiful nation that you have not forgotten America. Father, there is a humbling; I feel it.
But in the midst of all that I see coming, Father, the church will arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord has risen upon us.
Father, help our President without pride, without all the stuff, but Father, let him be a leader who is a God-fearing man.
I ask you to touch him from the top of his head to the soles of his feet.
Renew his youth like the eagles. Fill his mouth with good things today.
Touch his marriage, Lord. Renew what was there before. Touch his children. Let them know you, Father.
From Eric to Don Jr., for Tiffany, for Barron, for Ivanka, even Kai, the granddaughter that you put on my heart all the time to pray for that young girl.
I ask you to touch them. Give them a special fire inside of their stomach.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they would know you. I put a hedge of protection by prayer.
And I believe, Father, that you put a hedge of protection, that a thousand shall fall at their side and 10,000 at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh them.
We thank you, Lord, that every tongue that rises against him, we condemn it. We thank you, Lord, that they live long and finish strong.
And as they are leading this nation, as he leads this nation, I thank you, Lord, that he lives through this term and is healthy even days after.
That every plot, every plan, every pursuit that would try to come against him or his family, it would be brought to naught in the name of Jesus.
I thank you, Lord, that today, Father, he has a good day. I thank you, Lord, that the parade goes well, Father, as they get ready to have the parade.
We pray a protection around that parade right now. We pray over any kind of mass casualty shootings or whatever from sea to shining sea, Father, from the Gulf to Canada. I call even over Hawaii.
Every plot, every plan, every pursuit across this nation on our power grids, our electric, our water structures, cyberattacks, our oil wells, our oil infrastructure from the Gulf, all around the Gulf and our oil rigs.
Father, I say in the name of Jesus, there will be no mass casualties or any kind of demonic attack against this nation in the name of Jesus, foreign or domestic.
I thank you, Lord. From New Orleans to Nashville to Boston, I thank you, Lord. Protect them, Father.
Father, we pray for every politician that is rising up, Father, that needs a new voice in our nation, and you get rid of the RINOs, that we would pass the Save America Act.
They would pass it. It is a no-brainer that these RINOs would get out of the way and that we would pass the Save America Act. We would pass the clarity.
We would pass the things that need to happen for us to have a prosperous nation, Father, for a wealth transfer to begin and start with the body of Christ.
Father, let us have more than enough to get the kingdom of God spread throughout the world.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that today as we watch fireworks and celebrate our nation, Father, that you protect the church groups, our churches that are gathering together today.
We thank you, Lord, that there is protection over them, that there are no shootings today.
I see it specifically: no shootings. We cover the church. We cover our people.
We cover these states in the name of Jesus. We cover the nations too, but specifically these states.
Thank you, Lord. We expect it, Lord. We expect it. Now, Satan, you're under our feet.
We command you in the name of Jesus to stay there. You will not rise your head up and we hit you like a whack-a-mole.
You will not do this. You will not wreak havoc in our nation. And we thank you, Lord, that we are believing believers.
We're not begging believers trying to get it done. We're believers.
We know in whom we've believed, that you've got this, Father.
And we say thank you for what our founding fathers did when they signed the Declaration of Independence in 1776.
When they did that, they made a covenant with you and said, 'We are one nation under God.'They made a covenant when they said that, Lord, and I believe with all my heart that you still see it and that you have not forgotten us, that you'll stir the church once again and the revivals that happened with the Finney's and John Wesleys and all them.
Father, that you will visit America again with the greatest revival from sea to shining sea.
I believe, Father, that there's one more push, one more revival, and that everyone will see a Holy Ghost Woodstock in the fields from sea to shining sea, Father.
And we don't forget Hawaii. Visit Hawaii. Visit Alaska over our nation today as we praise you, God.
We praise you, Father, for what you've done. We praise you, Father.
Father, a rebirthing of America is happening as we see revival bring forth in this nation at this 250th.
The wells of revival are becoming uncapped. The well of revival is becoming uncapped in Jesus'name.
Thank you, Lord. Amen and amen. Do you all believe that today?
Do you agree with me that it is done? Thank you for the angels.
Thank you, Lord, for the angels. Thank you, Lord, for your angels.
Thank you, Lord. How long did we pray for today, baby? My son is helping me out today.
So, it's about over an hour. Over an hour. We did good today. I appreciate every one of you being here.
I do. I don't know how many of you are here, but thank you for every single one of you that are here to pray.
All 6,000 of you, thank you. Thank you for being here and taking part out of your busy day, your celebration for the Fourth of July.
And we appreciate you being here. I'll let you go before noon; you get to go be with your families.
We don't want to take all your day, but at least you prayed with me for an hour and a half.
So, God bless you all. We love you. Happy 4th of July. Remember, Jesus loves you and we love you. Oh, hold on.
The Lord said, 'Give an altar call.'If you're here today and you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and Personal Savior, today's your day. This might be your last opportunity.
As we're here celebrating America and all the beauty of what God has blessed us with as a nation, I want you to know that there is a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
If you're here today and you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior, today's your day.
You might be here and you say, 'Well, Brandon, I used to be on fire for the Lord.
I used to be excited and was into church and all that, but over the course of time, I'm just not into it anymore.
I'm burned out. I feel so burned out. But I know inside I'm not right, and I want to make it right.
I want to come home today.'As you watched all this video today, if you're here and you feel like your wood is just wet, you feel like you just need a fresh, clean start.
I believe you're not here by accident. I believe you're here by divine design. And if you're here today, I want to pray for you.
If you want to get real with God today, the moment you get real with God, God will get real with you.
You've got to get real with Him, though. And you've got to quit playing and being fake.
Say, 'God, I know I messed up. I need You.'Run to God when you sin.
Don't run away from Him. Run to God. Say, 'Jesus, I need You. I need help.
I can't do this anymore.'So, if that's you and you're here today and you're saying, 'Brandon, will you please pray for me?'it would be as we're celebrating the birth of America, we'll celebrate your new Christian birth—the moment you became a new creation created in Christ Jesus.
Behold, old things are passed away; He's making all things new today.
And today, as we celebrate America's birth, we'll celebrate your spiritual birth.
It's time to come to Jesus. Don't wait anymore. Like I said, this might be your last opportunity.
And if you're here and you're ready to get right with God, I want to say this prayer.
Say this with me: 'Jesus, I believe You are the Son of God. I believe You died for me and You rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a Savior. Jesus, I ask You to forgive me of my sins.
I ask You to wash me with Your precious blood. Today, I ask You to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I turn my back on the world, the sin of it, and the people I was hanging on to.
I'm not going to do that anymore. I'm not going to hang out with them anymore.
I'm going to serve You. I choose to follow You with all my heart. I denounce Satan and every evil work.
I'll not serve him in any way or capacity, nor any false religions.
I denounce Buddha, Muhammad, and any kind of Hindu gods—I denounce it. There will be no other gods before me.
I will serve You, Jesus, with all my heart, with all my mind, with all my soul, and with all my strength.
I dedicate my life to You. I'm Yours. Create in me a clean heart.
Wash me. Make me new because today, Jesus, I dedicate my life to You.
Amen and amen.'I believe if you just did that, you got born again. I'm excited you're here. Now, what do you do?
You go and tell the pastor, 'I just got born again watching some bald-headed guy on YouTube.'Tell him, 'I want to be water baptized.'Get water baptized.
Get plugged into church. Go there on Sundays, Wednesdays, or whenever they have a prayer group—whatever they have going on there.
Get plugged into church. Don't go back like a dog to his vomit and go back to what you were doing before.
Say, 'Today, I choose to follow Jesus. I'm not going to be like the world anymore.
I want to be like Jesus.'And how do you do that? You read your Bible every day and pray.
You've got to get a Bible. If you don't have a Bible, I will send you one absolutely for free.
All you have to do is email me at the address in the description down below and say, 'Brandon, I gave my heart to Jesus today.'Give me your name and your address.
We won't solicit you; we'll never ask you for a dime. We just want to love on you and tell you thank you for being here today.
And we want to celebrate your decision today to give your heart to Jesus Christ.
So, if that's you, we'll send you an Amplified Bible, a New King James, or a King James—whatever.
But we just want to love on you and tell you, 'Welcome home. Welcome to the family.'So, get plugged into your local church.
Don't go to a dead church. Go to a live church. I'd go to a non-denominational Holy Ghost filled church.
You don't want to go to some dead church because there's a lot of them out there.
Get plugged into a radical church that believes in the baptism of the Holy Ghost and speaking in tongues.
Find some new friends. If you have to, invite your old friends to come to church.
Say, 'Listen, will you come with me to church?'They say, 'No, we're not into religion stuff.'It's not about religion; it's about relationship.
And the more you get close to Jesus, they're going to say, 'What is different about you?'because He will change you from the inside out.
The more you get this Word inside of you, He will change you from the inside out. You've got to read this Bible every day, though.
Find words that pertain to what you're believing Him for, and you'll find scriptures and read them and go, 'Wow, this has become life to me.'So, all 29 of you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ today, welcome to the family.
All 29 of you. Isn't Jesus wonderful? 29 people gave their heart to Jesus Christ today. 29.
So, welcome home, welcome back, whatever it may be, if you're rededicating or whatever.
The Lord said, 'Give an altar call.'That's interesting. 29 people gave their hearts to Jesus Christ, so that's wonderful.
You all have big plans today—go out and eat hot dogs or do anything fun.
Are you going to pop fireworks? Go watch fireworks or something here in America. It's so fun.
The Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest is this afternoon, and we always watch that to see Joey Chestnut eat as many hot dogs as he can.
75 is his record, I think. So, we'll watch Joey Chestnut eat if he's still there.
But he eats so many hot dogs; I don't even know how he does it. In less than 10 minutes, 75 hot dogs in his belly.
My goodness, I have to eat mine real slow. 76—he did 76. For those who are led by the Spirit of God are the sons and daughters of God.
So He will lead you with that still, small voice on the inside of you. You need to know that.
So if He tells you not to do something, follow His leading because it could be life and death for you.
If you have a strong caution—'Don't go here, don't go there'—follow it.
Follow that peace that passes all understanding today. Let peace be your umpire.
Follow peace and you will not be led astray. God is the Prince of Peace.
Jesus is the Prince of Peace, and He will lead you with that still, small voice of that peace that passes all understanding.
Follow it. The Holy Spirit and I believe those led by the Spirit of God are the sons of God, daughters of God.
And you don't need prophetic voices to tell you what's coming; you hear the voice of the Spirit of the Lord yourself.
But He brings people like us around to help pray. And I believe that's what my assignment is: to pray for the nations.
So, God bless you all, and we're so thankful for you being here today.
If you could like, subscribe, click the notification bell, click the thumbs up, and be a part of this.
You can come here and pray. We're believing for 1 million men and women to come and pray with us.
Pray for me, too. But pray for us and pray with us, and in doing so, we will change the nations for Jesus.
We're almost to 600,000-some subscribers. So yeah, pretty cool what God has done in just three years.
Remember, like I said, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you. God bless you and we'll see you again. Have a wonderful and happy Fourth of July. Bye-bye.